Battle Season Loyal Soul
Hometown Camp Zhonglie
See the loyal soul on the battlefield
Homeland welcomes loyal martyrs
Lu Ming Li Hu's friend
He is also Li's fiancé
I heard
Is he crazy?
Dead people marry mentally ill
So now there's a good show to watch
Early Tang Dynasty
Luming, I sent your brother back
Ok
salute
Libi
Chief of the Dragon King Hero Club
Xiao Xiong wants to play Li Hutong Shuai
Please allow him to come. Yes
brother
I sent you back
We will be brothers in the next life
A person like a dog
You really take this short-lived ghost seriously, don't you?
Good rolling
I'm telling you to get out of this place today
Yeah.
son
You dare to hit my son, I'm not finished with you